Enabled minor modes: Auto-Composition Auto-Compression Auto-Encryption
Blink-Cursor Electric-Indent File-Name-Shadow Font-Lock Global-Eldoc
Global-Font-Lock Line-Number Menu-Bar Mouse-Wheel Tool-Bar Tooltip
Transient-Mark

(Information about these minor modes follows the major mode info.)

Dired by name mode defined in ‘dired.el’:
Mode for "editing" directory listings.
In Dired, you are "editing" a list of the files in a directory and
  (optionally) its subdirectories, in the format of ‘ls -lR’.
  Each directory is a page: use C-x [ and C-x ] to move pagewise.
"Editing" means that you can run shell commands on files, visit,
  compress, load or byte-compile them, change their file attributes
  and insert subdirectories into the same buffer.  You can "mark"
  files for later commands or "flag" them for deletion, either file
  by file or all files matching certain criteria.
You can move using the usual cursor motion commands.
The buffer is read-only.  Digits are prefix arguments.
Type d to flag a file ‘D’ for deletion.
Type m to Mark a file or subdirectory for later commands.
  Most commands operate on the marked files and use the current file
  if no files are marked.  Use a numeric prefix argument to operate on
  the next ARG (or previous -ARG if ARG<0) files, or just ‘1’
  to operate on the current file only.  Prefix arguments override marks.
  Mark-using commands display a list of failures afterwards.  Type ?
  to see why something went wrong.
Type u to Unmark a file or all files of an inserted subdirectory.
Type DEL to back up one line and unmark or unflag.
Type x to delete (eXpunge) the files flagged ‘D’.
Type RET to Find the current line’s file
  (or dired it in another buffer, if it is a directory).
Type o to find file or Dired directory in Other window.
Type i to Insert a subdirectory in this buffer.
Type R to Rename a file or move the marked files to another directory.
Type C to Copy files.
Type s to toggle Sorting by name/date or change the ‘ls’ switches.
Type g to read all currently expanded directories aGain.
  This retains all marks and hides subdirs again that were hidden before.
Use ‘SPC’ and ‘DEL’ to move down and up by lines.

If Dired ever gets confused, you can either type g to read the
directories again, type l to relist the file at point or the marked files or a
subdirectory, or type M-x dired-build-subdir-alist to parse the buffer
again for the directory tree.

Customization variables (rename this buffer and type C-h v on each line
for more info):

  ‘dired-listing-switches’
  ‘dired-trivial-filenames’
  ‘dired-marker-char’
  ‘dired-del-marker’
  ‘dired-keep-marker-rename’
  ‘dired-keep-marker-copy’
  ‘dired-keep-marker-hardlink’
  ‘dired-keep-marker-symlink’

Hooks (use C-h v to see their documentation):

  ‘dired-before-readin-hook’
  ‘dired-after-readin-hook’
  ‘dired-mode-hook’
  ‘dired-load-hook’

Keybindings:
key             binding
---             -------

e .. f		dired-find-file

RET		dired-find-file
C-o		dired-display-file
C-t		Prefix Command
ESC		Prefix Command
SPC		dired-next-line
!		dired-do-shell-command
#		dired-flag-auto-save-files
$		dired-hide-subdir
%		Prefix Command
&		dired-do-async-shell-command
(		dired-hide-details-mode
*		Prefix Command
+		dired-create-directory
-		negative-argument
.		dired-clean-directory
0 .. 9		digit-argument
:		Prefix Command
<		dired-prev-dirline
=		dired-diff
>		dired-next-dirline
?		dired-summary
A		dired-do-find-regexp
B		dired-do-byte-compile
C		dired-do-copy
D		dired-do-delete
G		dired-do-chgrp
H		dired-do-hardlink
L		dired-do-load
M		dired-do-chmod
O		dired-do-chown
P		dired-do-print
Q		dired-do-find-regexp-and-replace
R		dired-do-rename
S		dired-do-symlink
T		dired-do-touch
U		dired-unmark-all-marks
W		browse-url-of-dired-file
X		dired-do-shell-command
Z		dired-do-compress
^		dired-up-directory
a		dired-find-alternate-file
c		dired-do-compress-to
d		dired-flag-file-deletion
g		revert-buffer
h		describe-mode
i		dired-maybe-insert-subdir
j		dired-goto-file
k		dired-do-kill-lines
l		dired-do-redisplay
m		dired-mark
n		dired-next-line
o		dired-find-file-other-window
p		dired-previous-line
q		quit-window
s		dired-sort-toggle-or-edit
t		dired-toggle-marks
u		dired-unmark
v		dired-view-file
w		dired-copy-filename-as-kill
x		dired-do-flagged-delete
y		dired-show-file-type
~		dired-flag-backup-files
DEL		dired-unmark-backward
S-SPC		dired-previous-line
<follow-link>	mouse-face
<mouse-2>	dired-mouse-find-file-other-window
<remap>		Prefix Command

C-t C-t		image-dired-dired-toggle-marked-thumbs
C-t .		image-dired-display-thumb
C-t a		image-dired-display-thumbs-append
C-t c		image-dired-dired-comment-files
C-t d		image-dired-display-thumbs
C-t e		image-dired-dired-edit-comment-and-tags
C-t f		image-dired-mark-tagged-files
C-t i		image-dired-dired-display-image
C-t j		image-dired-jump-thumbnail-buffer
C-t r		image-dired-delete-tag
C-t t		image-dired-tag-files
C-t x		image-dired-dired-display-external

C-M-d		dired-tree-down
C-M-n		dired-next-subdir
C-M-p		dired-prev-subdir
C-M-u		dired-tree-up
M-$		dired-hide-all
M-s		Prefix Command
M-{		dired-prev-marked-file
M-}		dired-next-marked-file
M-DEL		dired-unmark-all-files

M-s a		Prefix Command
M-s f		Prefix Command

% &		dired-flag-garbage-files
% C		dired-do-copy-regexp
% H		dired-do-hardlink-regexp
% R		dired-do-rename-regexp
% S		dired-do-symlink-regexp
% d		dired-flag-files-regexp
% g		dired-mark-files-containing-regexp
% l		dired-downcase
% m		dired-mark-files-regexp
% r		dired-do-rename-regexp
% u		dired-upcase

* C-n		dired-next-marked-file
* C-p		dired-prev-marked-file
* !		dired-unmark-all-marks
* %		dired-mark-files-regexp
* *		dired-mark-executables
* /		dired-mark-directories
* ?		dired-unmark-all-files
* @		dired-mark-symlinks
* N		dired-number-of-marked-files
* c		dired-change-marks
* m		dired-mark
* s		dired-mark-subdir-files
* t		dired-toggle-marks
* u		dired-unmark
* DEL		dired-unmark-backward

: d		epa-dired-do-decrypt
: e		epa-dired-do-encrypt
: s		epa-dired-do-sign
: v		epa-dired-do-verify

<remap> <advertised-undo>	dired-undo
<remap> <next-line>		dired-next-line
<remap> <previous-line>		dired-previous-line
<remap> <read-only-mode>	dired-toggle-read-only
<remap> <toggle-read-only>	dired-toggle-read-only
<remap> <undo>			dired-undo

M-s f C-s	dired-isearch-filenames
M-s f ESC	Prefix Command

M-s a C-s	dired-do-isearch
M-s a ESC	Prefix Command

M-s f C-M-s	dired-isearch-filenames-regexp

M-s a C-M-s	dired-do-isearch-regexp



Auto-Composition minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Auto Composition mode.

If called interactively, enable Auto-Composition mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

When Auto Composition mode is enabled, text characters are
automatically composed by functions registered in
‘composition-function-table’.

You can use ‘global-auto-composition-mode’ to turn on
Auto Composition mode in all buffers (this is the default).

Auto-Compression minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Auto Compression mode.

If called interactively, enable Auto-Compression mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

Auto Compression mode is a global minor mode.  When enabled,
compressed files are automatically uncompressed for reading, and
compressed when writing.

Auto-Encryption minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle automatic file encryption/decryption (Auto Encryption mode).

If called interactively, enable Auto-Encryption mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

Blink-Cursor minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle cursor blinking (Blink Cursor mode).

If called interactively, enable Blink-Cursor mode if ARG is positive,
and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

If the value of ‘blink-cursor-blinks’ is positive (10 by default),
the cursor stops blinking after that number of blinks, if Emacs
gets no input during that time.

See also ‘blink-cursor-interval’ and ‘blink-cursor-delay’.

This command is effective only on graphical frames.  On text-only
terminals, cursor blinking is controlled by the terminal.

Electric-Indent minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle on-the-fly reindentation (Electric Indent mode).

If called interactively, enable Electric-Indent mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

When enabled, this reindents whenever the hook ‘electric-indent-functions’
returns non-nil, or if you insert a character from ‘electric-indent-chars’.

This is a global minor mode.  To toggle the mode in a single buffer,
use ‘electric-indent-local-mode’.

File-Name-Shadow minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle file-name shadowing in minibuffers (File-Name Shadow mode).

If called interactively, enable File-Name-Shadow mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

File-Name Shadow mode is a global minor mode.  When enabled, any
part of a filename being read in the minibuffer that would be
ignored (because the result is passed through
‘substitute-in-file-name’) is given the properties in
‘file-name-shadow-properties’, which can be used to make that
portion dim, invisible, or otherwise less visually noticeable.

Font-Lock minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle syntax highlighting in this buffer (Font Lock mode).

If called interactively, enable Font-Lock mode if ARG is positive, and
disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

When Font Lock mode is enabled, text is fontified as you type it:

 - Comments are displayed in ‘font-lock-comment-face’;
 - Strings are displayed in ‘font-lock-string-face’;
 - Certain other expressions are displayed in other faces
   according to the value of the variable ‘font-lock-keywords’.

To customize the faces (colors, fonts, etc.) used by Font Lock for
fontifying different parts of buffer text, use M-x customize-face.

You can enable Font Lock mode in any major mode automatically by
turning on in the major mode’s hook.  For example, put in your
~/.emacs:

 (add-hook 'c-mode-hook 'turn-on-font-lock)

Alternatively, you can use Global Font Lock mode to automagically
turn on Font Lock mode in buffers whose major mode supports it
and whose major mode is one of ‘font-lock-global-modes’.  For
example, put in your ~/.emacs:

 (global-font-lock-mode t)

Where major modes support different levels of fontification, you
can use the variable ‘font-lock-maximum-decoration’ to specify
which level you generally prefer.  When you turn Font Lock mode
on/off the buffer is fontified/defontified, though fontification
occurs only if the buffer is less than ‘font-lock-maximum-size’.

To add your own highlighting for some major mode, and modify the
highlighting selected automatically via the variable
‘font-lock-maximum-decoration’, you can use
‘font-lock-add-keywords’.

To fontify a buffer, without turning on Font Lock mode and
regardless of buffer size, you can use M-x font-lock-fontify-buffer.

To fontify a block (the function or paragraph containing point,
or a number of lines around point), perhaps because modification
on the current line caused syntactic change on other lines, you
can use M-o M-o.

You can set your own default settings for some mode, by setting a
buffer local value for ‘font-lock-defaults’, via its mode hook.

The above is the default behavior of ‘font-lock-mode’; you may
specify your own function which is called when ‘font-lock-mode’
is toggled via ‘font-lock-function’.

Global-Eldoc minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Eldoc mode in all buffers.
With prefix ARG, enable Global Eldoc mode if ARG is positive;
otherwise, disable it.  If called from Lisp, enable the mode if
ARG is omitted or nil.

Eldoc mode is enabled in all buffers where
‘turn-on-eldoc-mode’ would do it.
See ‘eldoc-mode’ for more information on Eldoc mode.

Global-Font-Lock minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Font-Lock mode in all buffers.
With prefix ARG, enable Global Font-Lock mode if ARG is positive;
otherwise, disable it.  If called from Lisp, enable the mode if
ARG is omitted or nil.

Font-Lock mode is enabled in all buffers where
‘turn-on-font-lock-if-desired’ would do it.
See ‘font-lock-mode’ for more information on Font-Lock mode.

Line-Number minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle line number display in the mode line (Line Number mode).

If called interactively, enable Line-Number mode if ARG is positive,
and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

Line numbers do not appear for very large buffers and buffers
with very long lines; see variables ‘line-number-display-limit’
and ‘line-number-display-limit-width’.

Menu-Bar minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle display of a menu bar on each frame (Menu Bar mode).

If called interactively, enable Menu-Bar mode if ARG is positive, and
disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

This command applies to all frames that exist and frames to be
created in the future.

Mouse-Wheel minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle mouse wheel support (Mouse Wheel mode).

If called interactively, enable Mouse-Wheel mode if ARG is positive,
and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

Tool-Bar minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle the tool bar in all graphical frames (Tool Bar mode).

If called interactively, enable Tool-Bar mode if ARG is positive, and
disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

See ‘tool-bar-add-item’ and ‘tool-bar-add-item-from-menu’ for
conveniently adding tool bar items.

Tooltip minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Tooltip mode.

If called interactively, enable Tooltip mode if ARG is positive, and
disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from Lisp, also
enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if ARG is
‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

When this global minor mode is enabled, Emacs displays help
text (e.g. for buttons and menu items that you put the mouse on)
in a pop-up window.

When Tooltip mode is disabled, Emacs displays help text in the
echo area, instead of making a pop-up window.

Transient-Mark minor mode (no indicator):
Toggle Transient Mark mode.

If called interactively, enable Transient-Mark mode if ARG is
positive, and disable it if ARG is zero or negative.  If called from
Lisp, also enable the mode if ARG is omitted or nil, and toggle it if
ARG is ‘toggle’; disable the mode otherwise.

Transient Mark mode is a global minor mode.  When enabled, the
region is highlighted with the ‘region’ face whenever the mark
is active.  The mark is "deactivated" after certain non-motion
commands, including those that change the text in the buffer, and
during shift or mouse selection by any unshifted cursor motion
command (see Info node ‘Shift Selection’ for more details).

You can also deactivate the mark by typing C-g or
M-ESC ESC.

Many commands change their behavior when Transient Mark mode is
in effect and the mark is active, by acting on the region instead
of their usual default part of the buffer’s text.  Examples of
such commands include M-;, M-x flush-lines, M-x keep-lines,
M-%, C-M-%, M-x ispell, and C-x u.
To see the documentation of commands that are sensitive to the
Transient Mark mode, invoke C-h d and type "transient"
or "mark.*active" at the prompt.
